r/sagemaker_domain - allow removing custom file config (#42144)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/42144.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/aws_sagemaker_domain: Allow removing `custom_file_system_config`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_sagemaker_domain: Allow `default_user_settings.custom_file_system_config` and `default_space_settings.custom_file_system_config` to be removed on Update
```

```

```release-note:bug

> resource/aws_sagemaker_user_profile: Allow removing `custom_file_system_config`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_sagemaker_user_profile: Allow `user_settings.custom_file_system_config` to be removed on Update
```
